Display code quality (#184)
AY2425S2-CS2103T-T13-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

DATE Format: `[D]D/[M]M[/YY]`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Note:**<br>
- Any date provided that excludes year will be treated as a date in the current year.<br>

> - If view a day (i.e. Mon), will also return `ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE` sessions in the coming Monday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Viewing a day (i.e. Mon), will also return `ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE` sessions in the coming Monday.
```
Just a minor grammatical change!
